- [Kevin] Thanks for watching this course on working
with REST APIs in Java.
Before we wrap up, I want to provide you
with some recommendations about what to explore next,
and give you some information about my other courses.
In the course, we've explored ways to call an API with Java
and saw the amazing capabilities that can be unlocked
through those calls.
Things like text messaging, AI,
and integration with social networks.
That's just a small amount of the growing number
of features exposed by public APIs.
So I encourage you to use your new skills
to explore all those other APIs out there,
and to learn what they can do.
Other APIs will expose you to different concepts, designs,
and security schemes that will broaden your experience.
As you explore those, take a look at some
of the finer details in Spring's WebClient or Feign.
We covered 80% of their usage,
but you'll find deeper functionality in these projects
that supports features like resiliency patterns
that can be applied in specific scenarios.
If you like my teaching style, I have a few other courses
on the LinkedIn Learning platform that might interest you.
In Microservices: Security, I'll teach you patterns,
standards, and best practices that allow you
to confidently integrate security
into microservice-based systems
without sacrificing the benefits they deliver.
Git for Teams is a course I built that delivers strategies
for teams using Git
that makes their development much more fluid.
Building APIs with Swagger covers a design-first approach
to creating APIs with the OpenAPI specification.
Java EE 8 Essential Training covers 13
of the most widely used Java EE APIs,
and gives you a rock solid foundation
for building Java web applications.
Spring Batch can provide you with a proven architecture
to construct complex batch jobs
that run on the JVM using Spring.
Finally, Migrating beyond Java 8 will teach you how
to navigate the Java ecosystem
to handle the new release, Cadence,
and newly introduced language features.
So that's it for now.
Congratulations on finishing the course
and thanks again for taking it.
Now, go out there and call some awesome APIs,
then drop me a message on LinkedIn.
I'd love to hear about it.